RHDEVDOCS-3226 Logging 5.2 docs aggregated branch (#35445)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-collector-log-forward-fluentd.adoc

<4> Specify the `fluentdForward` type.
<5> Specify the URL and port of the external Fluentd instance as a valid absolute URL. You can use the `tcp` (insecure) or `tls` (secure TCP) protocol. If the cluster-wide proxy using the CIDR annotation is enabled, the output must be a server name or FQDN, not an IP address.
<6> If using a `tls` prefix, you must specify the name of the secret required by the endpoint for TLS communication. The secret must exist in the `openshift-logging` project and must have keys of: *tls.crt*, *tls.key*, and *ca-bundle.crt* that point to the respective certificates that they represent.

> <7> Optional: Specify the password or passphrase that protects private key file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> Optional: Specify the password or passphrase that protects the private key file.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks!

> <8> Optional. Specify a name for the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<8> Optional: Specify a name for the pipeline.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

> <9> Specify which log types should be forwarded using that pipeline: `application,` `infrastructure`, or `audit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<9> Specify which log types should be forwarded using the pipeline: `application,` `infrastructure`, or `audit`.
```

> <10> Specify the output to use with that pipeline for forwarding the logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<10> Specify the output to use when forwarding logs with the pipeline.
```
Suggestion, think I left a similar comment above

> <11> Optional. Specify the `default` output to forward logs to the internal Elasticsearch instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<11> Optional: Specify the `default` output to forward logs to the internal Elasticsearch instance.
```

> <12> Optional: Forward structured JSON log entries as JSON objects in the `structured` field. The log entry must contain valid structured JSON; otherwise, OpenShift Logging removes the `structured` field and instead sends the log entry to the default index, `app-00000x`.

Reviewer: Same comment as earlier re adding "specify" for consistency, just a suggestion

> <13> Optional. String. One or more labels to add to the logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<13> Optional: String. One or more labels to add to the logs.
```

<14> Optional: Configure multiple outputs to forward logs to other external log aggregtors of any supported type:

> ** Optional. A name to describe the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** A name to describe the pipeline.
```
Same suggestion as earlier
